********/ This Project is an Console based application /********

The Banking Management System is an Online application for an Organization. It has been developed on java. It is a virtual showcase for managing dif-
ferent types of withdrowal, deposit, loan. The project Banking Management System wil reduce the amount of time spent by the employees of the com- |
pany and also provides a convenient and efficient means of reaching to persons using cutting-edge-technologies. The main goal is targeting towards
smooth internal communication and functioning for the customers along with other useful information.


The Functionalities provided by Banking Management System are as follows:
+ The Internet Appliances takes care of the requirements put forward by the customers through web for Banking Management System
« Provides the searching facilities based on various factors. Such as withdrowal, deposit, loan
+ Banking Management System also sells the deposit online for withdrowal, deposit, loan.
+ Banking Management System keeps track of the transaction of all withdrowal, deposit, loan.
« Shows the information and description of the deposit.
« It deals with monitoring the information and transactions.
« Provides the administrator facilties to update the list of deposit online without FTP.
+ Manages all the crud application for withdrowal, epost, loan |
+ withdrowal: ithdrowal ist to be maintained to display the details of the withdrowal to the users. |
« Users: This system will have the information about the Users who is registered with the site. They can view and purchase the deposit.
«+ Administrator: Administrator will have facility to add, delete, and modify withdrowal, deposit, loan and he can view reports also.

Flow of Program:

Step 1 : There will be 3 option like 1) saving, 2) current and 3) FD Account.
	 User need to type the name of the account type.
Step 2 : After selecting, There are 2 option 1) REGISTER 2) LOGIN
	 If User selct option 1 then input interface will prompt and ask for input from user like User ID, Name, Email, cotact, Password, Address.
	 After providing input successfully, System again ask for a option.
Step 3 : If User select option 2 for login then System wil ask for Account number and Password to verify the user.
Step 4 : After Successfull Login, There will be 5 otion like 1) check user details, 2) Check Balance 3) Deposit Money 4) Withdraw Cash 5) Exit
	 If option 1 was selected then User information will be displayed by the system.
 	 If option 2 was selected then updated Account Balance will be displayed.
	 If option 3 was selected then System will ask to enter deposit amount to deposit in account.
	 If option 4 was selected then System will ask How much amount you want withdraw/ System will deduct this amount from your account.
	 If option 5 was selected then program will return to Home section. 
	 Then again Register and Login option will show and User need to select option.

Some Info:
1) In Saving account, If your withdraw Amount was greater than a current balance then "Amount is not Sufficient" prompt will shown.
2) In Current Account, There are OverDraft facilities provided if withdraw amount is greater than current balance.
3) In FD, Only FD plan will shown to the user. User need to enter amount and system will provide interest rate.

Github Link : https://github.com/Pradeep4802/JavaProject.git